Add the usage of install.sh in README.md (#247)
pingcap/chaos-mesh: doc/run_chaos_mesh.md

# Run Chaos Mesh

> Now that you have deployed Chaos Mesh in your environment. In this document, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have deployed Chaos Mesh in your environment, in this document, 
```

you will learn about how to use it for your chaos experiments.

## Deploy target cluster

After Chaos Mesh is deployed, you can deploy the target cluster to be tested. For illustration purposes,  TiDB is used as a sample cluster.

You can follow the instructions in the following two documents to deploy a TiDB cluster:

* [Deploy using kind](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/tidb-in-kubernetes/get-started/deploy-tidb-from-kubernetes-kind/)
* [Deploy using minikube](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/tidb-in-kubernetes/get-started/deploy-tidb-from-kubernetes-minikube/)

## Define the experiment config file

> The chaos experiment configuration is defined in a ·`.yaml` file. In the following sample file, 

Reviewer: something wrong with the format here? Why suddenly the line wraps?

> The chaos experiment configuration is defined in a ·`.yaml` file. In the following sample file, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The chaos experiment configuration is defined in a ·`.yaml` file. You need to create your own experiment config file, based on the available fields in the sample below:

```

`pod-kill-example.yaml` defines a chaos experiment to kill one random TiKV pod every 60 seconds:

```yaml
apiVersion: pingcap.com/v1alpha1
kind: PodChaos
metadata:
  name: pod-failure-example
  namespace: chaos-testing
spec:
  action: pod-failure # the specific chaos action to inject; supported actions: pod-kill/pod-failure
  mode: one # the mode to run chaos action; supported modes are one/all/fixed/fixed-percent/random-max-percent
  duration: "60s" # duration for the injected chaos experiment
  selector: # pods where to inject chaos actions
    namespaces:
      - tidb-cluster-demo  # the namespace of the system under test (SUT) you've deployed
    labelSelectors:
      "app.kubernetes.io/component": "tikv" # the label of the pod for chaos injection
  scheduler: # scheduler rules for the running time of the chaos experiments about pods.
    cron: "@every 5m"
```

> ## Create a chaos experiment

Reviewer: Actually, in this step we are applying/executing an experiment, right?

Author: yes, `apply` action means creating and running an experiment.

Reviewer: So should we update the heading to maybe "Start a chaos experiment"
